[Music]
if I had a world of my own everything
would be nonsense nothing would be what
it is because everything would be what
it isn't
remember when Alice said that before her
absurd journey through Wonderland
well sea cucumbers seem to be designed
to live in this world of hers when most
people hear sea cucumber
they probably imagine a pimply green
fruit that just happens to grow
underwater and yes you heard correctly
botanist claim that the cucumber is a
fruit or if you're like me you
immediately think of Kevin sea cucumber
leader of the jellyspotters if you know
what I'm talking about
thumb this video up very few people know
that the sea cucumber is not a fruit but
a living thing but when you look at this
creature you wouldn't believe it at
first
after all it doesn't have any limbs or
even eyes on the other hand these
animals do have different internal
organs and orifices for feeding and
excrement yeah
there are well over a thousand sea
cucumber species so chances are that
whatever color size or shape you imagine
you'll find a sea cucumber within these
parameters they're unique and bizarre
beings because they can eject and regrow
their intestines and hibernate in the
summer young cucumbers can actually be
severed in half without any risk to
their life and when it's time for the
animal to die it releases a chemical
that dissolves its body without a trace
for centuries people in Asia have
considered these animals a rare delicacy
due to the high cost of these creatures
only the richest people could afford to
enjoy this treat nowadays producers dry
sea cucumbers and pack them in fancy
boxes and people give them as a gift or
serve them at important events the more
unusual the animal looks the higher its
price the most valued are spiky
specimens such as Japanese sea cucumbers
several pounds of them will cost you
more than $3,500
yikes on the other hand it isn't the
most expensive type of sea cucumber
there are also extremely rare albino
ones one seven ounce of white cucumber
can cost approximately sixteen thousand
dollars which is substantially pricier
than the same volume of gold
yep it's more valuable than gold among
200 thousand usual sea cucumbers there
will only be one albino on top of that
white sea cucumbers don't pass this
feature on to their offspring but it's
probably for the better because white
specimens tend to fall prey to predators
at a young age their white skin doesn't
provide them with the camouflage needed
for protection some people believe that
it's precisely albino sea cucumbers that
can give us amazing health benefits
rumor has it that they can even cure
some types of cancer but even if you
order a common species of sea cucumber
on the internet you'll have to part with
at least a hundred fifty bucks just for
one plate their value isn't merely in
their unusual taste or odd look the
thing is that these creatures skin has a
high amount of yukos elated Lykos amino
glycosides unfortunately the more people
harvest sea cucumbers the rarer these
creatures become that's why seven of the
70 exploited species have already gotten
the endangered status this also leads to
a serious increase in their price
sea cucumbers are incredibly unique
creatures but interestingly enough they
aren't the only animals that don't look
like well living beings let's check out
some more masters of disguise the orchid
mantis
at first glance you'll be 100% sure
you're looking at a beautiful flower but
you'll probably change your mind after
witnessing this flower catch flies and
start munching on them the truth is that
this orchid is an insect not some
carnivorous plant
it's lovely orchid like disguise is so
convincing that you'll have a tough time
trying to distinguish this mantis from
real flowers and Tamala just believe
that this flowery disguise serves two
purposes the orchid mantis can hide from
potential predators as well as lure
their prey into a beautiful but deadly
trap walking-sticks what most of us call
walking stick stick bugs or stick
insects are actually known as phasmid Oh
Dean's in the entomology world these
strange-looking critters look exactly
like twigs until one of them decides to
walk away from under your hand and if
you try to stop this little branch from
getting away it'll simply leave one of
its limbs in your hand if an injured
insect is young it regenerates the
missing leg when it molds but some adult
walking sticks can also make themselves
molt to regrow a lost limb what's even
stranger young stick bugs typically
consume their molted exoskeleton to
recycle the protein another cool fact
about walking sticks is that they can
play dead to avoid being eaten when an
insect feels threatened it drops to the
ground and keeps perfectly still after
that predators like mice or birds
usually fail to spot the stick bug and
leave it alone
see sponge this creature looks more like
a common household cleaning tool than
something that can evolve and grow but
appearances are deceptive and the sea
sponge is actually a living being it
doesn't have any internal organs but it
does have a network of internal channels
that pump water through its body this
way the animal can feed on the filtered
food particles if something goes wrong
in a sponges cells get broken apart they
can always get back together and create
a new sponge
sand dollars sand dollars are in fact
extremely flat sea urchins in souvenir
shops on the beach dried sand dollars
look like simple white desks but alive
ones are round shaped purple creatures
with tiny spines they use these spines
to catch and move their prey such as
crab larvae and plankton into their
mouths
luckily for sand dollars they don't have
many edible parts pink sea stars star
flounders and ocean paths seem to be the
only ones interested in these little
guys by the way sea cucumbers and sand
dollars are actually close relatives
[Music]
leaf katydid also known as the long
horned grasshopper or bush cricket one
of the coolest things about leaf
katydids is their ability to sing to
each other by rubbing their front wings
together but what's even more
fascinating is that they're unbeatable
masters of camouflage most of them just
look like green leaves these creatures
are so skilled that some of them can
even mimic blemishes on the leaves which
they use for hiding however you can also
come across pink or yellow katydids
these insects aren't particularly large
but some species can grow up to 4.7
inches long
[Music]
dead leaf moth dubs europea meticulous
in the scientific community this insect
doesn't just look like a leaf but a dry
curled up brown one this creatures
wingspan reaches an incredible six
inches and as you may have already
guessed its favorite pastime is
pretending to be a dead leaf if someone
or something disturbs them off it drops
to the ground just like a falling leaf
if you look at this insect you'll notice
that it has markings that resemble leaf
veins also it has ragged edges which
make the disguise even more convincing
giant tubeworms
this worm looks nothing like the kind
you imagine sprinkling the ground on a
rainy day to some extent these creatures
are almost beautiful
they resemble some exotic underwater
flowers tube worms depend on bacteria
that live inside their bodies to feed
without the help of these bacteria the
worms wouldn't be able to get nutrients
from the water actually these animals do
have stomachs early on in their lives
and they need it to consume the bacteria
that'll later help them digest food but
afterward when they grow their
exoskeletons they don't need to eat ever
again which of these masters of the
skies impressed you the most let's
discuss it in the comments down below
remember to give this video a like share
it with your friends and hit the
subscribe button to stay on the bright
side of life
you